[Music]
is there anyone
okay yeah I see I see the first light
hello everyone yay
welcome welcome welcome to my channel
where I am
hey guess guess where it is
hey hello everyone I'm so glad to see
you hi Egypt hey hey what time is it now
in your country
I'm sorry I get so many comments at some
time missed them
hey Florida
Hey hello
I am right now hi from Poland tight
India look how sunny it is 9 p.m. Oh
perfect perfect times live streaming
hey hey 12:30 I'm an India Turkey
Kazakhstan yes this is the Silicon
Valley as you might have
name of this livestream
[Music]
you can see there's there's this
building behind me this is Google office
and I'm sitting in Starbucks close to
the Google office and I'm working and
this is like a Silicon Valley set up
because everybody is working from
cafeterias because a lot of startups
have like one or two people they don't
rent an office and they just work from
Cathy's so for me it's the first time
experience like this this year I just
had a meeting over that investor from
Google and I decided to spend some time
here oh yeah baby
I think he thinks that I'm creepy also
guys um let me know we just talked with
this guy from Google and he said the big
trend right now on YouTube is donating
during the live stream let me know if
you even see this option because I don't
know yeah I don't see any option of
donating but he said is like taking off
like crazy or neat you thank you
no you're waiting for life chat thanks a
lot
yeah I was meant to do last weekend but
I'm so so busy right now because we
aren't launching any service which will
allow you to instantly connect with a
native speaker and practice your English
and there's a lot of work behind it
salmon is like Silicon Valley California
it's one hour on train from San
Francisco six dollars I've never studied
in Italy sorry I can tell you anything
about education in the States or Canada
or maybe Great Britain but not yeah no
donation options Thomas
I also don't see a donation option
though I've connected it to my channel
that's weird
to find out oh to think about escaping
from Russian X as well as I do
yeah I'm trying um so I'm working on my
accent it's a little work
well yeah I'm trying trying my best Oh
somebody sees the donation option cool
okay
thank you my cousin's has an awards yeah
so her yo cousin's husband is very close
to me right now there is a video how to
get into Harvard there is this one video
in my channel information about the
assistantship in the USA
so the assistantship thing is when you
work on campus and you receive normally
here would you receive like full
financial assistance for your tuition
and you will get some step in to live on
campus in my case when I got an
assistantship to do an MBA in Florida
they provided me with full tuition
waiver and six thousand dollars a year
as a step in my brother works and Google
Silicon Valley cool so yeah and I think
this is the most viable financially for
international students because
scholarships are harder to get and
assistantships are relatively they're
not easy but they're easier than
scholarships because for an
assistantship you just need to
have high TOEFL and high grades but
because you're working on campus you're
actually giving back to a university it
makes it easier for a university to
provide you with a pool financial
assistance so if you're looking for
University with full financial aid I
would definitely recommend you guys to
pay attention to universities to provide
assistantship s' for international
students academics matters there be a
lot yeah they do
see first visit to this place knows
actually the second visit to this place
is the first time I've been here I
actually met with the exact same
investor and this is the first meeting
and listen he decided to invest I was
studying abroad in a country that's not
your own
it's okay like if it's okay to get
bachelors in your country and then
travel to the States to do masters and
the best thing in this state is that you
can actually change the subject that
you're studying so for example I did
bachelor's in economics and if I come to
the States and I want to do master's in
psychology I could do that for masters
in digital marketing which is pretty
related but still oh I can do a master's
in design industrial design so I love
the States for this thing like I wanted
to study in Germany but in Germany they
would not allow you to change the
setting that you starting and in in the
United States they pretty okay with it
so yeah you can definitely change look
how creating everything the tuition fees
really depends so you can find a
university that will charge you like
where I went like where I applied Johns
Hopkins was like forty sixty thousand
dollars a year for their universities
will you pay just twenty thousand
dollars for everything
yeah I'm working when startup called
linguae trip comm which I found it here
in Mong Mia and when we first came to
the States
we came to Mon you that's why I'm like
ha she was like home
I'm 14 what should I do to be accepted
into MIT
you should learn English and you should
study maths a lot because MIT is really
scientific like mathematical engineering
university accommodation costs it really
depends on the state that you're going
to so for example if we talk about
California you would need like thirty
five thousand dollars a year to live
here if we talk about Florida and if
we're talking about a city which is like
small not Miami or maybe Tampa you would
need eleven thousand dollars a year so I
do live streams in Russia as well
on Thursdays 10:00 a.m. California time
on a different Channel and yeah I wanted
to apologize guys I just by accident I
downloaded a Russian video on this
channel today and then in the morning I
woke up and I saw like 50 comments and
1,000 people who I she was like oh God
I was like no no no that I'm so sorry
because yesterday when I was uploading
it I was like hundred percent sure it
was my Russian channel and then when I
looked at my Russian channel I didn't
see the video I was like wow
YouTube has this bug and then I realized
I had this bug I didn't switch the
account
yeah very beautiful blue sky oh yeah
oh yeah this is the valley right this is
the difference between the well at the
valley and this in San Francisco it's
always warm here
I never financial aid for international
in for masters yes there are there are
there is financial aid you just need to
show the university that you are
different that you're worth
giving you financial aid what programs
use chest for a person graduating
economics you can do economics as well
you can do PhD in economics you can do
another masters in economics you can do
as many masters as you want to there is
no like this thing that you only do one
master's in your life how to get a
student visa uh you need an i-20 letter
from your university confirming the eur
accepted confirming that they check that
you have enough finance to get admitted
and yeah that's how it works is this is
your very hard to get for international
master students it is hard i wouldn't
say everybody gets it I got it from the
University of Florida so the key here is
to find a university that is really
generous that give assistantships to
international students studying
countries that don't speak your native
language advice first advice learn the
language like there there couldn't be
any other advice travel to that country
first the two weeks take a language
course the same thing that I did like
with english-speaking countries at first
went to a language school that's by the
way why I invented language herb calm
choose a language school there go there
for two weeks get acquainted with a
culture meet people go to the university
that we want to go to and explore the
campus please say hi Nikhil hi Nikhil do
you speak the same level when you take
yeah I spoke almost the same my accent
was British though when I was taking
TOEFL I tried to convert to American
because I knew like TOEFL is an American
exam we need to take an American
but that was pretty hard can I get in a
business school with our experience oh
yeah you know what I was on this Harvard
MBA meeting and what they said is like
they getting more and more people who
just graduated which is did their
bachelor's degree applying to Harvard
MBA program and yes they do accept that
hey what up
do you know Russian language of course
Russian is my native language hi from
India
hello yeah I actually have a Russian
channel if you guys speak Russian
day brought cussing from Starbucks yes
this is very close to Computer History
Museum the Computer History Museum is
there and this is where we had a demo
day when we were at under setup so that
company language him and this is where
we got at first not like not at first
but one of our first investors we met
them in the Computer History Museum
thanks a lot to 500 startups hello from
Uzbekistan hi I just love the background
I just adore it
oh my god green trees and it has been
snowing in my hometown st. Petersburg
today my mother send me a picture like
with the snow and she was like is this
winter gonna end
I like no come to San Francisco
competition is too high to the yeah I
know competition is really high that's
why you need to look at the universities
well like if you feel that your GMAT is
lloegr is low look at the universities
that have a little lower ranking like
for example when I looked at the
universities I also picked up university
it oh it's Tampa University and if you
look at the rankings like number 100 but
I wrote to the admissions committee and
they confirmed that they have financial
aid for international students and they
also confirmed that the average GMAT was
640 and my g-man was 700 and I was like
okay so I'm gonna be a little better
than the average applicant to this
university and I might have better
chance of receiving financial aid and
this is how you should do it you should
go go out there and research the
universities there are 3,000
universities in the United States but
you need to go through the ones that you
like
and assess your chances of getting
accepted assessee chances of getting
financial aid high from Brazil what
about the fashion if you're passionate
about some studies a fashion like
fashion is something that you can show
you a motivation letter I like why do
you want to study why do you want to go
to this particular university and this
is what motivation letter is for but
this is only 30 percent of your
application like from my point of view
motivation letter 30 percent of your
application another 30 percent of your
application is your GPA and your
employment in study history and another
30 percent is your standardized test
scores GMAT TOEFL cherry whatever the
University requires and another 10% are
recommendation letters
okay so yeah pay attention to all of the
aspects they're all really important
what do you want to become in the end I
think I'm an entrepreneur and I want to
stay entrepreneur
oh wow so many hey a gesture goodness
yes yes the movie at the century cinemas
are really close the thing guys I live
in San Francisco and this place is like
one hour drive from my place and I'm
just so happy I'm spending my Friday
here with you and my laptop and you know
with a son
no other people around me how does
school work in the USA so here gets dusk
start at school when they're five and
they finish when they're 18
there was something in German about the
vet of the weather and the weather is
pretty pretty good look at that look at
that
beautiful right isn't that amazing
what's the cheaper University that you
recommend look at San Jose University
which is here it's pretty cheap what
each is USA odds in Russia I studied in
Russia I got my first education Russia
specialist and so it's like bachelors
plus master's in mathematics and
economics hmm it's just because I'm
running my startup and it's not the u.s.
it's a Silicon Valley I think this is
the best place to get connected with the
most inspirational people I was just
talking to our ambassador who loaded me
with a lot of energy to do another new
project within linguae trip without
within learning languages so because
this is happening right now and this
helps me become better entrepreneur I
really want to stay here by the way guys
if you're enjoying this livestream
please like it so I know that it's
useful at Alice sorry I missed the
question about Harvard if you could
repeat it that would be
yeah thank you I see the likes now I see
them 74 like say anyone likes ya
thank you um
just having you instead of making
application better I don't know like for
me it worked for lower income
universities but I feel that you
wouldn't impress Stanford for example by
having a startup if you have a
successful set up like a really good
startup make a lot of money yes I've
seen some Stanford MBAs having a really
cool startup or like raising millions
for this startup so but this is like
they pay more attention to your to you
being successful just having something
doesn't mean you're successful
do you wear braces do you want to see
them my brace is actually behind so they
are not braces their retainers I used to
have braces and they're they're very my
Laura teeth was the best way to learn
languages travel to a country where the
language is spoken is it too late to
apply the transfer
depends on a university like if a
university has a rolling admission
process which means they accept you as
late as like one month prior to the
beginning of studies you can try but if
it's a university that had its
application deadline in March then
probably not so there are some chances
if you have your TOEFL with you yes
Silicon Valley University good advice
well attention in the Silicon Valley
12:30
which go
is it possible to get a full scholarship
as a transfer yes it is possible again
the same conditions as applying as a
freshman show that you are um
not an average student that you are like
in top 10% of the application class and
for example MIT just announced that they
have accepted I think like 20 transfer
students with for financial aid and all
of those students had something
particular on about them like winning an
Olympiad in math so something like that
so again I also thought that I'm not
special like when I was applying for
American harrassing like what is special
about me and um but I highlighted my
background so being international in the
States is actually an advantage because
it brings a mixture to a class it brings
new experience so highlight that your
international highlight your experience
and like I had experience running a
company for four years when I applied
for MBA I highlighted that I highlighted
my international travels what what else
like I had good GMAT but you know my
story right you can watch a video how to
get into American Universities for free
and I tell my story can a person work in
the US while he's pursuing some
education program yes as a student on f1
visa I think you're allowed to work 20
hours a week on campus and 40 hours a
week
during summer
as a freshman
how far is the Google headquarters like
one minute walk if they're literally
this this building is Google headquarter
it's actually so big
like it's huge you need a car to get
from one building to another do you know
about OPG yes OPG is the optional
practical training is something that
you're given by an American government
like a chance to practice the knowledge
that you've gotten from your degree and
it can be as small as one year so if you
studied economics for example it's one
year opt if you did a stem subject like
science technology engineering maths
one of these you get three years of work
permit
to practice in the state
yep yep max so you get three right night
and follow - recurring when you come
into India when you guys invite me how
do you keep yourself motivated other
it's like a big big topic like what
motivates me right now um two days ago
I owe somebody a settling which I was
doing great thank you so yeah I listened
to a talk by Tim Ferriss and he was
talking a lot about motivation and you
know not giving up and praising yourself
every morning saying to yourself that
you're great you're doing great you
don't have to worry about things yeah
what inspires me is that actually I'm
doing things that are changing the world
I think like changing the market the
study abroad market with language rip
automating a lot of processes in it
because before linguae trip in order to
book a language school you had to go to
an agency sign a lot of forms right now
you just go online see all of the
schools book them and in a couple of
clicks and this is what really inspires
me that I'm changing something that is
old-fashioned and I'm changing it in a
way that I love it
your simple thank you
does it really help and get a good GMAT
score as I said like it's very important
forget it financial aid some
universities even say like we only will
consider you for financial aid if you
have GMAT over 700 so anything over 700
is pretty good yep
how old are you I am 27 what is biased
you in the lab yes I said like doing new
things grading you think 700 is a great
score on GMAT language of Sagar sirs
thank you so much Real Madrid abou
slaughter uh I don't know um
yeah I'm 27 and just can you show 3360
yeah
I just enjoy the green things
friends yeah I've been to friends
and I like eight times I love nice I
love Monaco this is like my favorite
place in Europe's have been there a lot
[Music]
you have plans to expand your company in
Asia you actually have a lot of clients
from Asia Chinese pretty active
Singapore is pretty active Malaysia
Vietnam we're not super big there right
now but we're getting students which is
cool yeah the plan is to conquer the
world of course I don't know like yeah
we're doing our best we're trying to be
as international as we can who's beeping
uber - Moscow how to enter The Bachelor
with a low GPA you can find a low
ranking university that doesn't have a
lot of like a high every climate wait
encouraged me to take the TOEFL thank
you
how can we get in touch with you so guys
I don't really do a lot of like personal
things I do personal consultations um
and you can book one language herb home
/ consult but the thing is it is fully
booked till May 5th so you want to speak
to me
I think the earliest would be May 5th or
May 7th
vibhishan danke your suggestion or
country thank you for that thank you
July Greece I've been to an island
called toffee tassels Oh guys I'm sorry
I'm missing the questions there's so
many - Kazakhstan
can anyone study in the USA for free
from India of course I've seen a lot of
Indian students for getting full
financial aid like the best shot you
have is applied for a PhD PhD programs
in the states they last for four years
they require a little word from you like
real research but in 95% of the cases
they actually give you a full financial
aid which means your tuition is free and
then you get like a small stipend to
cover your accommodation and like living
costs and I haven't seen any PhD student
who is paying for his education himself
so I think it's really important and
it's really going to consider PhD but
it's four years education it's very
scientific
Jeannette is sufficient to get into part
Harvard know if we're talking about top
universities GMAT alone
as I said just 30 percent of your
application however Stanford MIT are
looking for something unique so they're
looking for unique background they're
looking for unique experiences they can
show them so when we're talking about
top universities this is full approach
of writing an amazing motivation letter
is showing great resumes were you
talking about I'm talking about
admissions to American universities
I get a lot of questions about those I'm
like answering them again guys if you're
enjoying the live stream don't forget to
like because I see like 310 people
watching and only 133 likes which makes
me answer
oh sorry which makes me wonder whether
the rest
Jamaat's chorus 750 kpmg oh yeah that is
like a perfect background for an MBA
program no I'm not a vegetarian I eat
everything
well you just see your face okay and
yeah I don't you sound like hundred
sixty-four likes for you so okay
Russian why you seen Russia again I said
like why USA because this is the best
climate for entrepreneurs no I mean like
cultural climate no like well the
climate is also great
okay guys I think I'm gonna finish now
because I'm gonna leave this livestream
on this channel and don't forget to
subscribe to this channel to like this
livestream and I'm going to do them more
often and for the next one prepare
questions I'm going to answer them
online and I really hope to see you soon
Hey